Last dump "Medical Cannabis Reciprocity						
Medical cannabis reciprocity, shown in the info graphics below, allows a patient with a valid medical cannabis card in one state to be able to purchase, use, or possess medical cannabis in another state. Illinois does not accept out-of-state medical cards, however, below is information regarding other states that accept Illinois’ medical cannabis cards.						
						
						
States and types of access						
Out-of-state patients have some access to medical cannabis in the following states and territories. Every state except New Hampshire and Puerto Rico was contacted.						
Arkansas						
Patients visiting this state must obtain a medical cannabis visitor card from their health department.						
Visiting patient cards are valid for up to 90 days.						
Application linked here.						
Georgia (Ga.)						
Patients visiting this state with a valid medical cannabis card can ONLY POSSESS up to 20 ounces of low THC oil.						
Visiting patients are NOT allowed to purchase medical cannabis in Georgia.						
Hawaii						
Patients visiting this state must obtain a medical cannabis visitor card* from the Hawaii State Department of Health.						
Application portal linked here.						
Medical cannabis visitor cards expire after 21 days.						
Visitors can obtain two cards each year.						
*Hawaii only grants visitor cards to patients with specific conditions. For a list of conditions, visit: Medical Cannabis Registry Program, Hawaii State Department of Health						
Iowa						
Patients visiting this state that have a valid medical cannabis card can ONLY POSSESS up to 4.5 grams of THC.						
Visiting patients are NOT allowed to purchase medical cannabis.						
Maine						
Full dispensary access to any patient in possession of a valid medical cannabis card.						
Michigan (Mich.)						
Full dispensary access to any patient in possession of a valid medical cannabis card.						
Missouri (Mo.)						
Patients with a valid medical cannabis card from other states can possess cannabis in Missouri.						
Nevada (Nev)						
Full dispensary access to any patient in possession of a valid medical cannabis card.						
New Hampshire (N.H.)						
Patients visiting this state that have a valid medical cannabis card can possess up to 2 grams of cannabis.*						
Visiting patients are NOT allowed to purchase medical cannabis.						
*This protection only extends to patients issued cards for certain conditions. For a list of conditions, visit: New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services						
New Jersey (N.J.)						
NOT YET KNOWN						
New Mexico (N.M.)						
Full dispensary access to any patient in possession of a valid medical cannabis card.						
Oklahoma (Okla.)						
Visiting patients must obtain a visitors card from the Oklahoma Medical Marijuana Authority.						
Application linked here.						
Puerto Rico (P.R.)						
Full dispensary access to any patient in possession of a valid medical cannabis card.						
Utah						
Visiting patient must obtain a medical cannabis visitor’s card* from the Utah Department of Health.						
Application portal linked here.						
User instructions here.						
Visitor card expires after 21 days.						
Visitors can obtain two cards each year.						
*Utah only grants visitor cards to patients with specific conditions. For a list of conditions, visit: Utah Department of Health						
District of Columbia (D.C.)						
Full dispensary access to any patient in possession of a valid medical cannabis card.
